Add tailscale_service resource and data source (#658)
tailscale/terraform-provider-tailscale: docs/data-sources/service.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tailscale_service Data Source - terraform-provider-tailscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   The service data source describes a single service in a tailnet. See https://tailscale.com/kb/1552/tailscale-services for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The service data source describes a single Service in a tailnet. See https://tailscale.com/docs/features/tailscale-services for more information.
```

Couple of nit-picks: capitalized Service and switched to the new-style docs link.
